There are a lot of reasons that people leave the military. The military
has a lot of great reasons to stay, the retirement benefits, the job
security, serve the country. However, I think especially when people
want to make a higher salary, and they find a good job outside and
they want to just try to do something else, then that can be a good
motivating factor. The military can be very dangerous, especially
like for the people that send the planes off. If you do that you know
every single year, month after month, day after day, then that could
affect your hearing. You can be in many dangerous situations and
some people just don't want to do that type of job anymore, that can
be risky. Another reason that people leave the military is because
they want to see their family grow. When you're on deployment that's
a good six months that you don't see your daughter grow. You don't
see your son grow, you're not with your wife, you're not with your
husband. So after a few of those deployments, you kinda start to miss
that, you actually want to see when your spouse has their kid you
know. If your wife is pregnant you want to actually see it be born.
And I know a lot of people who weren't there for that, so that's the
third reason that I see a lot of people leave the military.